[DOCS] Update operations docs for Tempo 3.0 architecture (#6926)
grafana/tempo: docs/sources/tempo/operations/manage-trace-ingestion.md

Block-builders do not enforce this limit.
If your services produce many short-lived traces in parallel, you may need to raise this.

{{< admonition type="note" >}}
The `max_global_traces_per_user` setting, which provides a cluster-wide cap for the ingester write path, has been moved to `ingestion.max_global_traces_per_user` in Tempo 3.0.

> {{< /admonition >}}

Author: Done.

> The `max_global_traces_per_user` setting, which provided a cluster-wide cap for the legacy ingester write path, has been removed in Tempo 3.0. Use `max_traces_per_user` to set per-instance limits on live-stores.

Reviewer: It's not removed. With the new overrides it's `ingestion.max_global_traces_per_user`

Author: ```suggestion
The `max_global_traces_per_user` setting, which provides a cluster-wide cap for the ingester write path, has been moved to `ingestion.max_global_traces_per_user` in Tempo 3.0.
```

> The `max_global_traces_per_user` setting, which provided a cluster-wide cap for the legacy ingester write path, has been removed in Tempo 3.0. Use `max_traces_per_user` to set per-instance limits on live-stores.

Author: incorrect.
